# NarleskiThompson_ENV872_EDA_FinalProject
# Working Title: Fish Tissue Contamination in the Great Lakes Region
General Notes: This is our final project repository for Environmental Data Exploration. Our project will be focusing on fish tissue contamination in the Great Lakes. (General notes: add as much information as is relevant for your repository. Some
overarching guidelines are provided, but feel free to expand on these guidelines.)  
More resources found here:

## Summary
<describe the purpose of this repository, the information it contains, and any
relevant analysis goals. What, why, where, when, how?>  
The Environmental Protection Agency has conducted multiple studies over the past 15 years assessing the coastal conditions of marine and the Great Lakes shores. The purpose of these National Coastal Condition Assessments (NCCA) is to observe and determine what environmental or anthropogenic changes may affect the water quality of these water bodies. The NCCA is conducted every 5 years, with studies starting from 2010. 
A key part of the NCCA is the fish tissue contamination study the EPA conducts of fish species that recreational fishers catch in the Great Lakes. Samples are taken and analyzed for mercury, PFAs (per- & polyfluoroalkl substances), PCB (polychlorinated biphenyls) Congeners & Aroclors, and Omega-3 & Omega-6 fatty acids. The EPA uses the results from these studies to evaluate the water quality of the Great Lakes and more specifically, determine the health impacts humans may have from consuming fish caught in the Great Lakes.  


## Investigators
Jaclyn Narleski, Master of Environmental Management student at the Nicholas School of Environment, Duke University  
Contact: jaclyn.narleski@duke.edu  
Victoria Thompson, Master of Environmental Management & Forestry student at the Nicholas School of Environment, Duke University  
Contact: victoria.thompson@duke.edu

## Keywords

## Database Information
<describe the origin of all data in the repository, including data collected from
outside sources and new data generated by the investigator(s). If data was accessed
from an outside database, the date(s) of data access should also be included.>

## Folder structure, file formats, and naming conventions
<describe the folders contained in the repository, including what type of files
they contain>
<describe the formats of files for the various purposes contained in the
repository>
<describe your file naming conventions>

## Metadata
<For each data file in the repository, describe the data contained in each column.
Include the column name, a description of the information, the class of data, and
any units associated with the data. Create a list or table for each data file.>

## Scripts and code
<list any software scripts/code contained in the repository and a description of
their purpose.>
